fix: place the las_update value in the meta of each page (#1409)
pydata/pydata-sphinx-theme: docs/user_guide/layout.rst

      "navbar_start": ["navbar-logo", "version"],
      # ...
      }

Build date
==========

> By design the build date cannot be seen in our template even when the `html_last_updated_fmt <https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/usage/configuration.html#confval-html_last_updated_fmt>`__ is set. Instead the theme is adding a ``meta`` tag in the html head that can be read by html parser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By design the build date cannot be seen in our template even when the `html_last_updated_fmt <https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/usage/configuration.html#confval-html_last_updated_fmt>`__ is set. Instead the theme adds a ``meta`` tag in the HTML head that specifies the build date, which can be inspected by viewing the page source or extracted with an HTML parser. The tag will look like:
```

(if we decide to include the template the first sentence should change too)

> By default the build date cannot be seen in our template even when the `html_last_updated_fmt <https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/usage/configuration.html#confval-html_last_updated_fmt>`__ is set. Instead the theme adds a ``meta`` tag in the HTML head that specifies the build date, which can be inspected by viewing the page source or extracted with an HTML parser. The tag will look like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default this theme does not display the build date even when Sphinx's `html_last_updated_fmt <https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/usage/configuration.html#confval-html_last_updated_fmt>`__ variable is set. If you want the build date displayed, the theme includes a :code:`last-updated` template that you can add to one of the page regions in your ``conf.py``. For example:

.. code-block:: python
    :caption: conf.py

    html_theme_options = {
        "content_footer_items": ["last-updated"],
        # other settings...
    }

If you do specify ``html_last_updated_fmt`` but don't include the :code:`last-updated` template, the theme will still write the build date into a ``meta`` tag in the HTML header, which can be inspected by viewing the page source or extracted with an HTML parser. The tag will look like:
```

.. code-block:: html

    <meta name="docbuild:last-update" content="Aug 15, 2023">

> The content will be respecting the format specified in the ``html_last_updated_fmt`` conf variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The tag's ``content`` attribute will follow the format specified in the ``html_last_updated_fmt`` configuration variable.
```

> .. note::
> 
>     If a special component to display such an information in your page is your need please use the built-in :code:`last-updated`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
